feat(link): add `isSkipLink` prop - FE-3735 (#3789)
Sage/carbon: src/components/link/link.stories.mdx

  </Story>
</Preview>

### isSkipLink

> `Skip Link` is specific use case for a Link component. It is more related into accessibility. The `Skip Link`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Skip Link` is specific use case for a Link component, specifically to improve keyboard accessibility. The `Skip Link` has been created to allow users to use keyboard controls to skip over something like a `Menu`. It allows a user to jump into the main content without going through the whole `Menu` component, button by button. To show how it works, press the TAB key and you will be able to see how `Skip Link` will displays.
```
